Add news for 2.4.4 (#98)
pgroonga/pgroonga.github.io: news/index.md

# News

## 2.4.4: 2023-01-29 {#version-2-4-4}

### Improvements

  * [[`pgroonga_wal_apply` function][wal-apply]] add target index information to error logs

>     We can find a index that failed apply a PGroonga's WAL by this modification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We can find indexes that failed to apply PGroonga's WAL by this modification.
```

（一つのログで出るインデックスは一つだと思いますが、）ここではインデックスは複数形で良い気がしました。
WALはWrite ahead loggingで動名詞なので冠詞もなく複数形にする必要もないのかもしれないと思ったのですが、WALが何か一つのファイルとして認識されるなら複数形になる気がします。

>     We can find indexes that failed to apply PGroonga's WAL by this modification.

Author: ```suggestion
    We can find indexes that failed to apply WAL records of PGroonga by this modification.
```
